Add nginx TLS setup readme (#356)
guardian/manage-frontend: nginx/README.md

# Setup Nginx with valid TLS certificate in DEV

1. Old nginx configuration files were in `/usr/local/etc/nginx/sites-enabled`, however the new

>    onese end up in `/usr/local/etc/nginx/servers`, so backup and remove `site-enabled`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ones end up in `/usr/local/etc/nginx/servers`, so backup and remove `sites-enabled`
```
